Publish to Environment from PR (#1441)
microsoft/AL-Go: RELEASENOTES.md

Which would hide the secret part of your URL instead of exposing it in clear text.

> ### Support for deploying from PRs
> 
> AL-Go for GitHub now supports deploying from a PR. When using the 'Publish To Environment' workflow, it is now possible to input 'PR_X' as the App version, where 'X' is the PR Id. This will deploy the artifacts from the latest PR build to the chosen environment, if that build is completed and successful.
> 
> All apps, which were not built by the PR build will be deployed from the last known good build. You can find a notification on the PR build explaining which build is used as the last known good build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support for deploying to sandbox environments from a pull request

AL-Go for GitHub now supports deploying from a PR. When using the 'Publish To Environment' workflow, it is now possible to input 'PR_X' as the App version, where 'X' is the PR Id. This will deploy the artifacts from the latest PR build to the chosen environment, if that build is completed and successful.

All apps, which were not built by the PR build will be deployed from the last known good build. You can find a notification on the PR build explaining which build is used as the last known good build.

> [!NOTE]
> When deploying a PR build to a sandbox environment, the app will get a special version number, which is: major.minor.maxint.run-number. This means that the sandbox environment likely needs to be deleted after the testing has ended.

```

Reviewer: ALSO - please move the release note section up above v6.4 - this part is not in v6.4
